So. what do you want me to draw and where?
Hey!
What's with the facepaint?!
What's so funny?!
Hey! You listening to me?!
I'm starting to get a handle on what
kind of person ends up as the spellcaster.
Sorry. sorry...
Stop laughing! Stop laughing. damn it!
New one feels a lot like the old one.
Their whimsy is unstoppable.
Let's start over. I'm Remlin.
As the new spellcaster. I hope to p—
I mean. work well with you!
Did you almost say "play"?
How many spellcasters
have there been. anyway?
I believe Remlin would be the sixth.
You believe?
They tell their histories through art.
not the written word.
So. hey. there's this thing I noticed.
When I draw on a person. the power doesn't
work right if I don't have their consent.
Outside of town. I usually get permission
before I draw on the walls.
so it's probably the same thing.
I figure if you need permission
to draw on walls and objects.
it goes double for people. right?
That's how it was with Gob. yeah.
Do spellcasters get the same
abilities as their predecessors?
I've heard their powers have
historically been similar.
But you sometimes see subtle differences.
Everyone has their own way of using things.
their own experiences and ideas.
Makes sense that everyone's ability
would take a different shape.
but if it's the same each generation.
I guess it's the vital instrument that's spec—
Nah. that's not it.
It turns out the same 'cause we all bring
a real sense of play to our drawing.
We draw balloons in a stressful scene
or flowers in a combat scene...
We sneak all kinds of meaning
into our drawings to play around.
"Freedom and play"...
I think those are the factors Gob and
those before him were chosen for.
I'll probably choose someone like that too.
I love it!
Yeah. I don't get it.
So what it comes down to is.
you end up with similar powers
because you think the same way?
We don't think the same way!
We all draw whatever
we want to in the moment!
What we end up drawing is different. too!
Lay off. Enjin.
If you try to go too deep
into conversation with an artist.
you'll just end up more confused.
Enjin's bothered by it.
You want me to draw "reduce damage
from one major hit" on your body. right?
Coming right up!
H-H-H-Hey!
You're tattooing it?!
Remlin. Take this serious—
Wait. what?
You turned the instrument into a brush before.
What's with that shape?
I was just thinking it'd make a cool tattoo.
and it turned into this.
It's good to have options. right?
Hey. you kidding me?
Not only can you cast spells.
you can also create any tool you want?!
You're terrifying!
Fine. fine. No tattoos.
But if I just draw it on.
it'll wash off in water. right?
So let's do this right.
I can scribb—I mean.
cast a spell on your body. right?
This kid never stops.
This kid's kinda growing on me.
Thanks for the help. Mr. Mayor. Remlin.
Well. I'm sorry for the runaround.
I think drawing on nine people
really took a toll on the kid.
You did good work for a first time.
Thanks a lot.
What's going on here. Mr. Mayor?!
You can't pass the pen to some no-name brat!
It should go to someone more worthy!
The guys who couldn't come in.
I won the Perfect Art Contest!
Tons of people were counting on me
to become the new spellcaster.
That's why I came all the way out here.
and this is how you treat me?!
Canvas Town's really gone downhill!
Anyway. I'm a better art—
Shut up!
Your shitty attitude is the reason
you can't even enter the city!
We don't need posers who call themselves
artists but only care about fame!
Get that through your heads and make tracks!
No one wants to look at your ugly faces!
Man. the mayor's always scary when he's mad.
See you guys.
Don't get so mad that
you pop a blood vessel. okay?
Sorry.
Just stay away from the gate. Mr. Mayor.
Thanks. I'm glad I saw all that.
I'll be back.
I'll come to draw at Cleaner HQ someday too!
Bye-bee!
Are we going back to Cleaner HQ?
Yeah. To get your full-face.
But first. Rudo...
Let's pick you up a treat.
A treat?
H-Hey...
You sure?
Never hurts to be prepared.
so pick out a few things that sing to you.
We're far from the polluted zones.
so no trash beasts here.
Take some time and pick out what you—
Awesome! Awesome! Awesome!
Awesome!
He really loves this stuff. huh?
It's done!
Hell yeah. it's done!
It's done! I did it!
I freaking did it!
Who's that?
Hey. you're here. Welcome back.
We got word about what
happened in Canvas Town.
I'm sorry to hear about—
Hey there!
Your mask's ready!
Oh. that guy.
That's August. He makes the Cleaners' gear.
Looks like he finished your full-face. Rudo.
Yeah! It's freaking finished!
It came out perfect. man!
We didn't have time to meet up. but I got
his measurements while he was asleep.
so it should just fit!
And Enjin and Semiu told me
about his personality.
so I made some choices
to max out the cool factor!
Wait a minute.
He got my measurements...
while I was asleep?
Lucky me that you didn't lock your room!
You asshole!
Sphereites don't lock their doors?
Man. and Rudo doesn't sleep that much.
It takes real skill to
catch him when he's asleep!
Riyo. how do you know that?
Big brother!
Hey. li'l sis!
You need to stop doing this!
Stop causing trouble for everyone!
Huh? What was that?!
And please keep your voice down.
What was that?!
Please!
Eishia. sweetie! You here?
They're siblings?
I am!
Where are you? Hey!
I'm right here!
Man. What's with Ground people
shouting all the time?
You're one to talk.
Right. Rudo.
Take off your choker a minute.
Wh-What are you—
Go on. Hold out the choker.
"Choker." It's like a communicator...
Kind of like a phone.
You can talk through it to people
you've traded blood with.
Is that why Ground people all wear
these things around your necks?
And trading blood gives it a real
friends-to-the-end feel. right?
Contact us any time. Rudo.
Sure...
What tech is this?
Wait. It's not another Giver power. is it?
Anyway...
We'll be taking some of your blood too!
At last. we're off to No Man's Land
to find the lady!
That said...
You don't think you brought
a little too much trash?
We'll have to walk at some point.
Just take what you can carry.
It's all backups.
It'll be your second time
in a No Man's Land. I guess.
The trouble's going to start
the second we arrive.
Better be ready.
Penta. the desert No Man's Land.
Now that's exciting.
Episode 10
"Penta: The Desert No Man's Land"
Sand? No...
Waste matter worn down to dust?
And here they come.
Witness reports say the woman
should live further in.
Make sure you keep up. Rudo.
That's the plan.
Use those gloves—3R—to beat them down.
then we'll go find the woman.
Let's start with some warm-ups!
This might be fun.
Get it?!
In a No Man's Land. first.
you put on the half-mask!
You connect it to your oxygen tank!
You put the mask on overtop and...
You got yourself a full-face!
The Cleaning Begins
Penta. the desert No Man's Land?
Is that where it is. boss?
The other one...
You'll see when you go.
Okay. let's get this down.
First trash beast encountered upon
arrival in No Man's Land Penta.
Shape was "scorpion-like."
Appearance and thickness of exoskeleton
suggest attacks like a scorpion.
Pincer and tail attacks presumed...
There.
Hey. I didn't do it.
Sheesh. keep it down.
Octashredder!
Missed one. huh?
Up to you now.
"Asshole"
Lots of those scorpion trash beasts.
For them to come out on the surface suggests
a whole lot of trash buried
beneath this sand-like stuff.
Tomme!
Your record-keeping duties are important.
but do them after combat's over!
That was so dangerous!
I know I should.
but if I'd waited. I'd probably forget.
Besides. your job here in No-Man's Land
is to protect the record-keeper. right?
I trust you guys.
Still. have some self-preservation instinct!
Is there something there?
Hey. there you are!
Delmon! Tamsy!
That kicked up a lot of sand. eh?
We almost lost sight of you.
You did good back there. Rudo!
I only wish I could've seen you in action!
I'm sure we will soon enough.
Yeah. but still!
I'm glad. I managed to be
a little useful this time.
Well. next time. try to stay close...
Yes... of course that's how it is...
You came here to see Amo. didn't you?
How long...
How long has that woman been there?
I know it's hard to see around here.
but I couldn't sense her either!
Wait. Could she be...
Think she's the one we're looking for?
Nah. no way it's that easy.
She doesn't seem hostile to me. at least.
Maybe we should ask for directions?
Hey!
You the one who's seen people coming
and going from the Sphere and the Ground?!
Show some manners!
Oh. yes. indeed!
See? She's the woman we've been looking for!
Well... Guess we got lucky.
Let's talk to her and get go—
Excuse me.
It stinks out here.
It's not good for the lungs.
Perhaps any talking should
be done at Amo's house?
Masks won't be needed there.
Why didn't she bring a mask. then?
It's such a short walk!
Okay? Okay?
Enjin.
Why don't I go and ask her what's what?
Nah. we should all go.
Even if she's plotting something.
I'd prefer to talk it out.
If we end up in a fight anyway.
I'll take her on.
Hey. you sure?
I can hold back the best.
No way...
How...